specification/managedoperations/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# ExtManagedOperations

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Private.Poc360.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the ExtManagedOperations.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2025-07-28-preview
```

### Tag: package-2024-08-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-08-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-08-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Private.Poc360/preview/2024-08-01-preview/extmanagedoperations.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-04-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-04-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-04-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Private.Poc360/preview/2023-04-01-preview/extmanagedoperations.json
```

### Tag: package-2025-05-19-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-05-19-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-05-19-preview'
input-file:
  - Private.Poc360/preview/2025-05-19-preview/extmanagedoperations.json
```

### Tag: package-2025-07-28-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-07-28-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-07-28-preview'
input-file:
  - Private.Poc360/preview/2025-07-28-preview/extmanagedoperations.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-csharp
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```

## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

Commit message:

clean up private rp api spec (#24775)
* clean up private rp api spec

* update readme

* update tsp config

* npx output

* remove remediate

* npx output

* add tsp output

* format tsp

specification/managedoperations/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# ManagedOps

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Private.Poc360.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the ManagedOps.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2025-07-28-preview
```

### Tag: package-2025-05-19-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-05-19-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-05-19-preview'
input-file:
  - Private.Poc360/preview/2025-05-19-preview/managedops.json
```

### Tag: package-2025-07-28-preview 

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-07-28-preview` is specified on the command line. 

 

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-07-28-preview' 

input-file: 

  - Private.Poc360/preview/2025-07-28-preview/managedops.json 
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-csharp
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```

## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

## Java

See configuration in [readme.java.md](./readme.java.md)
