specification/dashboard/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# Dashboard

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Dashboard.

---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Dashboard, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

---
## Configuration
### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Dashboard API.

```yaml
title: DashboardManagementClient
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2025-02-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2025-02-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-02-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-02-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2025-02-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2025-01-01-preview
These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-01-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-01-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2025-01-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2024-11-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-11-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-11-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2024-11-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2024-10-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-10-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-10-01'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/stable/2024-10-01/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-10-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-10-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-10-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2023-10-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-09-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-09-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-09-01'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/stable/2023-09-01/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2022-10-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2022-10-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2022-10-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2022-10-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2022-08-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2022-08-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2022-08-01'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/stable/2022-08-01/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2021-09-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-09-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-09-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2021-09-01-preview/grafana.json
```

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go-track2
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
```

Commit message:

[AzureManagedGrafana] add POST API to import dashboard (#24002)
* import dashboard

* import dashboard

* update

* update

* update

specification/dashboard/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# Dashboard

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for Dashboard.

---
## Getting Started
To build the SDK for Dashboard, simply [Install AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) and in this folder, run:

> `autorest`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

---
## Configuration
### Basic Information
These are the global settings for the Dashboard API.

```yaml
title: DashboardManagementClient
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2025-04-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2025-04-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-04-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-04-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2025-04-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2025-02-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-02-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-02-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2025-02-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2025-01-01-preview
These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-01-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-01-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2025-01-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2024-11-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-11-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-11-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2024-11-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2024-10-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-10-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-10-01'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/stable/2024-10-01/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-10-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-10-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-10-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2023-10-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-09-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-09-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-09-01'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/stable/2023-09-01/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2022-10-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2022-10-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2022-10-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2022-10-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2022-08-01

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2022-08-01` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2022-08-01'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/stable/2022-08-01/grafana.json
```

### Tag: package-2021-09-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2021-09-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

``` yaml $(tag) == 'package-2021-09-01-preview'
input-file:
    - Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2021-09-01-preview/grafana.json
```

### Suppressions

```yaml
suppressions:
  - code: LinterSuppression
    reason: Adding a new version will cause this on the first run, but it will pass on subsequent runs.
    where:
      - from: Microsoft.Dashboard/preview/2025-04-01-preview/grafana.json
```

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

``` yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go-track2
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
```
