specification/azurelinuxtestingservice/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# azurelinuxtestingservice

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for azurelinuxtestingservice.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the azurelinuxtestingservice.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2023-08-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2023-08-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-08-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-08-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Private.ALTSTest/preview/2023-08-01-preview/azurelinuxtestingservice.json
suppressions:
  - code: AvoidAdditionalProperties
    reason: AdditionalProperties is required for our user-defined customParameters field.
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```
## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

Commit message:

add 2025-04-01-preview version (#23078)
* add typespec team recommendations

* fix readme

* add suppression rule for sdk generation

* run prettier

* revert examples in azureimagetestingforlinux

* version operations partially

* run prettier

* remove blank line

* update delete to remove prohibited 200 response

* remove all 200 delete from each example file and recompile

---------

Co-authored-by: Jiao Di (MSFT) <80496810+v-jiaodi@users.noreply.github.com>

specification/azurelinuxtestingservice/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# azurelinuxtestingservice

> see https://aka.ms/autorest
> This is the AutoRest configuration file for azurelinuxtestingservice.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`
> To see additional help and options, run:
> `autorest --help`

## For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the azurelinuxtestingservice.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2025-04-01-preview
suppressions:
  - code: AvoidAdditionalProperties
    reason: AdditionalProperties is required for our user-defined customParameters field.
```

### Tag: package-2023-08-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-08-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-08-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Private.ALTSTest/preview/2023-08-01-preview/azurelinuxtestingservice.json
```

### Tag: package-2025-04-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-04-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-04-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Private.ALTSTest/preview/2025-04-01-preview/azurelinuxtestingservice.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```

## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)
