specification/edge/resource-manager/Private.Edge/readme.md, before:

# edge

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for edge.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the edge.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2024-06-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2024-06-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-06-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-06-01-preview'
input-file:
  - configurations/preview/2024-06-01-preview/configurations.json
  - configurationmanager/preview/2024-06-01-preview/configurationmanager.json
```

### Tag: updates-package-2023-07-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=updates-package-2023-07-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'updates-package-2023-07-01-preview'
input-file:
  - edge/preview/2023-07-01-preview/operations.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net-track2
```
## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

### Suppress Operations API Implemented exception

 For operations API, we have defined it in a common folder "edge" under the RP. We don't have it in individual specs file for resources since we need partial manifest rollout. Hence the swagger has been split for each resource but operations API is at a common place here -- azure-rest-api-specs-pr\specification\edge\resource-manager\Private.Edge\edge\preview\2023-07-01-preview\operations.json

``` yaml
suppressions:
  - code: OperationsAPIImplementation
    reason: Operations API for edge RP is already implemented in a common folder "edge" under the RP

  - code: ProvisioningStateSpecifiedForLROPut
    reason: Adding provisioning state will break polymorphism

Commit message:

Site Configurations and nested configurations for Provisioning (#19017)
* Added Private.Edge/Sites

* Added all nested Configurations

* Revert DynamicConfigurationVersion resource

* Add NetworkConfiguration with polymorphism

* Add SecurityConfiguration resource

* Fix x-ms-identifier warning for SecretConfiguration resource

* Corrected typespec violations

* Corrections w.r.t. tsp validations and corrected DescriptionMustNotBeNodeName

* Correct DescriptionMustNotBeNodeName

* Run Prettier checks

* Suppress BodyTopLevelProperties because of known issue #722

* Fix PatchBodyParametersSchema by marking kind as visibility as read, create

* Trying to fix AutoRest exception and Suppressions for Private.EdgeSite

* Trying to add update for kind

* trying out patch resource update with kind property

* Compiled swagger from tsp

* Removing PATCH call for now till we figure out object modeling with kind (discriminator field)

* tsp format

* Trying to fix autorest errors

* resolved conflict for configuration manager services

---------

Co-authored-by: Ayush Patel <ayushpatel@microsoft.com>

specification/edge/resource-manager/Private.Edge/readme.md, after:

# edge

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for edge.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.


---
## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: BodyTopLevelProperties
    reason: The BodyTopLevelProperties rule is mistakenly flagging paged responses #722
  - suppress: OperationsAPIImplementation
    from: sites.json
    reason: RP is in PrivatePreview and no SDK has been released yet. Microsoft.Edge RP consist of multiple resources which are owned/maintained by different teams, so we follow folder structure for Service Group (explained here https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/tree/RPSaaSMaster?tab=readme-ov-file#folder-structure-for-service-group). We do have operations api exposed from common-location/folder (https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/blob/RPSaaSMaster/specification/edge/resource-manager/Microsoft.Edge/edge/preview/2024-02-01-preview/operations.json#L46C5-L46C43) so every resource need not expose it separately. There has been open issue [Avocado] Support service group folder scenario azure-sdk-tools#6201 for the same.
```

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the edge.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2024-06-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2024-06-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-06-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-06-01-preview'
input-file:
  - configurations/preview/2024-06-01-preview/configurations.json
  - configurationmanager/preview/2024-06-01-preview/configurationmanager.json
  - sites/preview/2024-06-01-preview/Sites.json
```

### Tag: updates-package-2023-07-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=updates-package-2023-07-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'updates-package-2023-07-01-preview'
input-file:
  - edge/preview/2023-07-01-preview/operations.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net-track2
```
## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

### Suppress Operations API Implemented exception

 For operations API, we have defined it in a common folder "edge" under the RP. We don't have it in individual specs file for resources since we need partial manifest rollout. Hence the swagger has been split for each resource but operations API is at a common place here -- azure-rest-api-specs-pr\specification\edge\resource-manager\Private.Edge\edge\preview\2023-07-01-preview\operations.json

``` yaml
suppressions:
  - code: OperationsAPIImplementation
    reason: Operations API for edge RP is already implemented in a common folder "edge" under the RP

  - code: ProvisioningStateSpecifiedForLROPut
    reason: Adding provisioning state will break polymorphism
