specification/edge/resource-manager/Private.EdgeSite/readme.md, before:

# edgesites

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for edge sites.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the edgesites.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2024-06-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2024-06-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-06-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-06-01-preview'
input-file:
  - sites/preview/2024-06-01-preview/Sites.json
```

### Tag: package-2024-02-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-02-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-02-01-preview'
input-file:
  - sites/preview/2024-02-01-preview/Sites.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net-track2
```
## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

Commit message:

Site Configurations and nested configurations for Provisioning (#19017)
* Added Private.Edge/Sites

* Added all nested Configurations

* Revert DynamicConfigurationVersion resource

* Add NetworkConfiguration with polymorphism

* Add SecurityConfiguration resource

* Fix x-ms-identifier warning for SecretConfiguration resource

* Corrected typespec violations

* Corrections w.r.t. tsp validations and corrected DescriptionMustNotBeNodeName

* Correct DescriptionMustNotBeNodeName

* Run Prettier checks

* Suppress BodyTopLevelProperties because of known issue #722

* Fix PatchBodyParametersSchema by marking kind as visibility as read, create

* Trying to fix AutoRest exception and Suppressions for Private.EdgeSite

* Trying to add update for kind

* trying out patch resource update with kind property

* Compiled swagger from tsp

* Removing PATCH call for now till we figure out object modeling with kind (discriminator field)

* tsp format

* Trying to fix autorest errors

* resolved conflict for configuration manager services

---------

Co-authored-by: Ayush Patel <ayushpatel@microsoft.com>

specification/edge/resource-manager/Private.EdgeSite/readme.md, after:

# edgesites

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for edge sites.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

## Suppression

``` yaml
directive:
  - suppress: BodyTopLevelProperties
    reason: The BodyTopLevelProperties rule is mistakenly flagging paged responses #722
  - suppress: OperationsAPIImplementation
    from: sites.json
    reason: RP is in PrivatePreview and no SDK has been released yet. Microsoft.Edge RP consist of multiple resources which are owned/maintained by different teams, so we follow folder structure for Service Group (explained here https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/tree/RPSaaSMaster?tab=readme-ov-file#folder-structure-for-service-group). We do have operations api exposed from common-location/folder (https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs-pr/blob/RPSaaSMaster/specification/edge/resource-manager/Microsoft.Edge/edge/preview/2024-02-01-preview/operations.json#L46C5-L46C43) so every resource need not expose it separately. There has been open issue [Avocado] Support service group folder scenario azure-sdk-tools#6201 for the same.
```

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the edgesites.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2024-06-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2024-06-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-06-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-06-01-preview'
input-file:
  - sites/preview/2024-06-01-preview/Sites.json
```

### Tag: package-2024-02-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-02-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-02-01-preview'
input-file:
  - sites/preview/2024-02-01-preview/Sites.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net-track2
```
## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)
