specification/impact/resource-manager/readme.md, before:

# impact

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for impact.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

## Suppression

### AutoRest v3 Suppressions
``` yaml
suppressions:
    
  - code: PathForPutOperation
    reason: Design forces us to not have resources under resource group but only have under subscription. proxy resources
    from: impact.json
    where:
        - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Impact/workloadImpacts/{workloadImpactName}"]
        - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Impact/topologyImpacts/{topologyImpactName}"]
    
  - code: PutRequestResponseSchemeArm
    reason: False positive both request and response are same. proxy resources
    from: impact.json
    where:
        - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Impact/workloadImpacts/{workloadImpactName}"].put
        - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Impact/topologyImpacts/{topologyImpactName}"].put
  
```


## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the impact.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2024-05-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2024-05-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-05-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-05-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2024-05-01-preview/impact.json
tag: package-2023-12-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2023-12-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-12-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-12-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2023-12-01-preview/impact.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-07-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-07-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-07-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2023-07-01-preview/impact.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-02-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-02-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-02-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2023-02-01-preview/impact.json
```

### Tag: package-2022-11-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2022-11-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2022-11-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2022-11-01-preview/impact.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net-track2
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```
## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

Commit message:

Introducing new version 2025-01-01-preview for Private.Impact (#20435)
* Introducing new version for Private.Impact

* validated for prettier and added impact.json for Microsoft.Impact namespace

* validation run

* adding changes for workload impacts model and examples

* updated spec for Microsoft.Impact to reflect changes

* Added suppressions for Guid usage and avoiding anonymous types

* corrected indentation

* Adding Varsha's changes to workload impacts

* Bryan's changes for new API for upload service.

* making corrections to typespec validation errors.

* ran tsp format

* Changing durationMargin to durationMarginInSec in workloadimpact.tsp

* changed version to 2025-01-01 and added a suppression for boolean field.

* changing folder paths of all files associated with version change.

* code review comments addressed.

* more changes to models

specification/impact/resource-manager/readme.md, after:

# impact

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for impact.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

## Suppression

### AutoRest v3 Suppressions

``` yaml
suppressions:
    
  - code: PathForPutOperation
    reason: Design forces us to not have resources under resource group but only have under subscription. proxy resources
    from: impact.json
    where:
        - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Impact/workloadImpacts/{workloadImpactName}"]
        - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Impact/topologyImpacts/{topologyImpactName}"]
    
  - code: PutRequestResponseSchemeArm
    reason: False positive both request and response are same. proxy resources
    from: impact.json
    where:
        - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Impact/workloadImpacts/{workloadImpactName}"].put
        - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/providers/Microsoft.Impact/topologyImpacts/{topologyImpactName}"].put
  
  - code: GuidUsage
    reason: this is for getting a subscriptionId from customers
    from: impact.json

  - code: AvoidAnonymousTypes
    reason: this is for associating user assigned managed identity with connectors resource
    from: impact.json

  - code: EnumInsteadOfBoolean
    reason: this is the right data type for the given context.
    from: impact.json

  - code: AvoidAdditionalProperties
    reason: this is needed as its the extensible property bag for storing custom metadata associated with an impact.
    from: impact.json
```

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the impact.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-2025-01-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2025-01-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-01-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-01-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2025-01-01-preview/impact.json
```

### Tag: package-2024-05-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2024-05-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2024-05-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2024-05-01-preview/impact.json
tag: package-2023-12-01-preview
```

### Tag: package-2023-12-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-12-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-12-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2023-12-01-preview/impact.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-07-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-07-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-07-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2023-07-01-preview/impact.json
```

### Tag: package-2023-02-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2023-02-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2023-02-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2023-02-01-preview/impact.json
```

### Tag: package-2022-11-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2022-11-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2022-11-01-preview'
input-file:
  - Microsoft.Impact/preview/2022-11-01-preview/impact.json
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-net-track2
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```

## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)
