specification/storagedatamanagementrp/resource-manager/Private.StorageDataManagementRP/storageDataManagement/readme.md, before:

# storage data rp

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for storage connectors.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the storage data rp.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-preview-2024-11-01
```

### Tag: package-2025-01-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-01-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-01-01-preview'
input-file:
  - preview/2025-01-01-preview/connectors.json
suppressions:
  - code: PatchBodyParametersSchema
    from:
      - connectors.json
    reason: We have used kind property as discriminator to support polymorphic resource and during patch also need to pass discriminator to allow patch on certain polymorphic resource type property.
    where:
      - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Private.StorageDataManagementRP/storageAccounts/{storageAccountName}/connectors/{connectorName}"].patch.parameters[5].schema.properties.properties
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```

## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)

Commit message:

Updated readme.md file with the new tag

specification/storagedatamanagementrp/resource-manager/Private.StorageDataManagementRP/storageDataManagement/readme.md, after:

# storage data rp

> see https://aka.ms/autorest

This is the AutoRest configuration file for storage connectors.

## Getting Started

To build the SDKs for My API, simply install AutoRest via `npm` (`npm install -g autorest`) and then run:

> `autorest readme.md`

To see additional help and options, run:

> `autorest --help`

For other options on installation see [Installing AutoRest](https://aka.ms/autorest/install) on the AutoRest github page.

---

## Configuration

### Basic Information

These are the global settings for the storage data rp.

```yaml
openapi-type: arm
openapi-subtype: rpaas
tag: package-preview-2024-11-01
```

### Tag: package-2025-01-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-01-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-01-01-preview'
input-file:
  - preview/2025-01-01-preview/StorageDataRP.json
suppressions:
  - code: PatchBodyParametersSchema
    from:
      - connectors.json
    reason: We have used kind property as discriminator to support polymorphic resource and during patch also need to pass discriminator to allow patch on certain polymorphic resource type property.
    where:
      - $.paths["/subscriptions/{subscriptionId}/resourceGroups/{resourceGroupName}/providers/Private.StorageDataManagementRP/storageAccounts/{storageAccountName}/connectors/{connectorName}"].patch.parameters[5].schema.properties.properties
```

### Tag: package-2025-05-01-preview

These settings apply only when `--tag=package-2025-05-01-preview` is specified on the command line.

```yaml $(tag) == 'package-2025-05-01-preview'
input-file:
  - preview/2025-05-01-preview/StorageDataRP.json
suppressions:
  - code: DISCRIMINATOR_NOT_REQUIRED
    reason: The discriminator property is now explicitly defined as a required property.
  - code: OBJECT_MISSING_REQUIRED_PROPERTY_DEFINITION
    reason: The `type` property has been added to `ConnectionUpdate` as required.
```

---

# Code Generation

## Swagger to SDK

This section describes what SDK should be generated by the automatic system.
This is not used by Autorest itself.

```yaml $(swagger-to-sdk)
swagger-to-sdk:
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-python-track2
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-java
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-go
  - repo: azure-sdk-for-js
  - repo: azure-resource-manager-schemas
  - repo: azure-cli-extensions
  - repo: azure-powershell
```

## Az

See configuration in [readme.az.md](./readme.az.md)

## Go

See configuration in [readme.go.md](./readme.go.md)

## Python

See configuration in [readme.python.md](./readme.python.md)

## TypeScript

See configuration in [readme.typescript.md](./readme.typescript.md)

## CSharp

See configuration in [readme.csharp.md](./readme.csharp.md)
